So what do you want?
Money, a car, a house, or something more fancy.
What?
None of that.
I just want an identity and to, um, two thousand?
Two hundred million dollars and an identity?
What now?
You want to get married as well?
Was all this just a setup to get at my family?
Up?
You think I'm a con?
Thought you were a good guy but turns out you're just another jerk.
That was my first time and you didn't even use protection.
Enough.
Cut the act.
Here.
There's money on the card.
And there's my phone number two.
Oh, and one more thing.
I will grant you one last wish.
But that's it.
What is it?
Any news about her?
Okay, we'll keep looking.
Laura, I hope you've been well all these years.
What's that be?
He said he wouldn't get me pregnant.
Hey, kid.
If you don't want to tell your family, that's fine.
But at least let the father know.
The babies?
At least in a week.
I know more time.
Alright.
Scott, you've followed from the doctor.
Since your sperm count was low, but still a chance.
So when's my next physical?
I don't know where you can get your environment.
They can see you.
Sorry.
Excuse me.
Wait, was that her?
Alright, she's pregnant.
Twins.